Removed expired links and added example apps (#85)
0chain/zus-js-sdk: lib/js-sdk/README.md

```
yarn add @zerochain/zus-sdk
```

> Here's the updated **SDK Reference** section with the mentioned addition:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

---

## SDK Reference

> Zus JS-sdk provides many functions for implemention blobber,allocation and file operation functionalities in web applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zus JS-sdk provides many functions for implementing blobber, allocation and file operation functionalities in web applications.
```

> To get a comprehensive understanding of the functions exposed by the JS SDK, you can refer to the [index file](https://github.com/0chain/zus-js-sdk/blob/main/lib/js-sdk/src/index.ts) in the SDK repository. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a detailed understanding of the functions provided by the JS SDK, please refer to the JS Doc comments in the [index.ts file](https://github.com/0chain/zus-js-sdk/blob/main/lib/js-sdk/src/index.ts)
```

> Most of the functions are well-documented using JS Docs comments, making it easy to understand their usage and parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the exposed SDK functions are well-documented with JS Doc comments, detailing their usage, parameter types, and return types.
```
